Hi, guys.
Welcome.
What we are going to be doing this lecture is when we click on my store, we are going to display the
current seller products.
Okay.
Now to do this, you can see within the minus screens and then the visit store screen.
What we are simply doing is we are retrieving our products based on the seller.
UID Right.
So what we can do is back to the dashboard screen instead of the seller store screen, we can get rid
of this and then cover the visit.
The visit store.
Screen.
Okay.
And you can see it's asking for the value of the seller uid.
So this is going to be firebase.
Firebase.
Courts in order to get the clearance seller uid file be sought.
DOT is stance towards current user and then dot you Heidi and over here we can had a no check and had
a comma and now we have to restart this.
It's going to take some time to restart and then we have to reload in.
Okay.
Almost done.
We just have to wait for this a bit and hopefully you understand all this.
But if we don't, you can do also let me know and I'm fully available to answer all your questions.
Okay.
It's going to hard to start this and.
It's going to log in to Famous.
Store.
G.M. dot com.
And the password is be g-a-y.
A log in.
Okay.
And now dashboard.
In my store.
And you can see just what products are being displayed.
Sounds good, right?
You can see all those products are owned by.
By me.
You can see walking as expected.
Okay.
Click on this.
You can see famous, sir.
Okay, look, guys, see you in the next lecture.